The jacket hung on the back of the wide chair. At that high level, the air is pure. Drop the two when you add the figures. A filing case is now hard to buy. An abrupt start does not win the prize. Wood is best for making toys and blocks. The office paint was a dull, sad tan. He knew the skill of the great young actress. A rag will soak up spilled water. A shower of dirt fell from the hot pipes. A pencil with black lead writes best. Coax a young calf to drink from a bucket. Schools for ladies teach charm and grace. The lamp shone with a steady green flame. They took the axe and the saw to the forest. The ancient coin was quite dull and worn. The shaky barn fell with a loud crash. Jazz and twin fans like fast music. Rake the rubbish up and then burn it. Slash the gold cloth into fine ribbons. On the islands, the sea breeze is soft and mild. The play began as soon as we sat down. This will lead the world to more sound and fury. Add salt before you fry the egg. The rush for funds reached its peak Tuesday. The birch looks dark white and lonesome. The box is held by a bright red snapper to make pure ice. You freeze water. The first worm gets snapped early. Jump the fence and hurry up the bank. The dark pot hung in the front closet. Carry the pail to the wall and spill it there. The train brought our hero to the big town. We are sure that one war is enough. Grey paint stretched for miles around. The rude laugh filled the empty room. High seats are best for football fans. Tea served from the brown jug is tasty. A dash of pepper spoils beef stew. A zestful food is the hot cross bun. The mute muffled the high tones of the horn. The gold ring fits only a pierced ear. The old pan was covered with hard fudge. Watch the log float in the wide river. The node on the stalk of wheat grew daily. The heap of fallen leaves was set on fire. Write fast if you want to finish early. His shirt was clean, but one button was gone. The barrel of beer was a brew of malt and hops. Tin cans are absent from store shelves. The store walls were lined with coloured frocks. The Peace League met to discuss their plans. The rise to fame of a person takes luck. Paper is scarce, so write with much care. The quick fox jumped on the sleeping cat. The nozzle of the fire hose was bright brass screw the round cap on as tight as needed. Time brings us many changes. The purple tie was 10 years old. Men think and plan and sometimes act. Nine rows of soldiers stood in line. The beach is dry and shallow at low tide. The idea is to sew both edges straight. The kitten chased the dog down the street. Pages bound in cloth make a book. Try to trace the fine lines of the painting. Women form less than half of the group. The zones merge in the central part of town. A gem in the rough. Needs work to polish. Code is used when secrets are sent. It takes a lot of help to finish these. Mark the spot with a sign painted red. Take two shares as a fair profit. The fur of cats goes by many names. North winds bring colds and fevers. He asks no person to vouch for him. Go now and come here later. A sash of gold silk will trim her dress. Soap can wash most dirt away. That move means the game is over. Those last words were a strong statement. He wrote his name boldly at the top of the tile sheet. Dill pickles are sour but taste fine. Down that road is the way to the grain farmer. Either mud or dust are found at all times. The best method is to fix it in place with clips. If you mumble, your speech will be lost. At night, the alarm roused him from a deep sleep. Read just what the meter says. Fill your pack with bright trinkets for the poor. The steady drip is worse than the drenching rain. A flat pack takes less luggage. Space green ice frosted the punch bowl. A stuffed chair slipped from the moving van. The stitch will serve but needs to be shortened. A thin book fits in the side pocket. The gloss on top made it unfit to read. The hail pattered on the burnt brown grass. Seven seals were stamped on great sheets. Our troops are set to strike heavy blows.